1. Suppose there are twelve multiple choice questions in an English class
quiz. Each question has five possible answers, and only one of them is
correct. Find the probability of having four or less correct answers if a
student attempts to answer every question at random. 

2. The incidence of occupational disease in an industry is such that the
workers have a 20% chance of suering from it. What is the
probability that out of six workers chosen at random, four or more will
suffer from the disease? 

3. Suppose that weather records show that on the average 5 out of
31days in October are rainy days. Assuming a binomial distribution
with each day of October as an independent trial, find the probability
that the next October will have at most three rainy days.

4. A car hire firm has two cars which it hires out day by day. The
number of demands for a car on each day is distributed as a Poisson
variate with mean 1.5. Calculate the proportion of days on which (i)
neither car is used and (ii) some demand is refused.
Answer: (i) 0.2231, (ii) 0.19126

5. A manufacturer of cotter pins knows that 5% of his product is
defective. If he sells cotter pins in boxes of 100 and guarantees that
not more than 10 pins will be defective, what is the approximate
probability that a box will fail to meet the guaranteed quality?

6. Suppose that the number of telephone calls coming into a telephone
exchange between 10 A.M. and 11 A.M., say, X1 is a random variable
following Poisson distribution with parameter 2. Similarly, the number
of calls arriving between 11 A.M. and 12 noon, say, X2 follows a
Poisson distribution with parameter 6. If X1 and X2 are independent,
what is the probability that more than 5 calls come in between 10
A.M. and 12 noon? 

7. Patients arrive randomly and independently at a doctor's surgery from
8 a.m. at an average rate one in five minutes. The waiting room
holds 12 persons. What is the probability that the room will be full
when the doctor arrives at 9 a.m.

8. Assume that the test scores of a college entrance exam fit a normal
distribution. Furthermore, the mean test score is 72, and the standard
deviation is 15.2. What is the percentage of students scoring 84 or
more in the exam? 

9. The mean yield for one-acre plot is 662 kilos with a s.d. of 32 kilos.
Assuming normal distribution, how many one-acre plots in a batch of
1000 plots would you expect to have yield (i) over 700 kilos, (ii)
below 650 kilos ?

10. The marks obtained by a number of students for a certain subject are
assumed to be approximately normally distributed with mean value 65
and s.d. 5. If 3 students are taken at random from the set, what is
the probability that exactly 2 of them will have marks over 70? 

11. Daily demand for a certain product is normally distributed with a
mean 125 and a standard deviation of 17.
1. What is the probability that the demand in a day will exceed 150?
2. What is the probability that the demand in a day will be less than 85?
Less than80?

12. A fast food restaurant gets an average of 2.8 customers approaching
the register every minute. Assuming the number of customers
approaching the register per minute follows a Poisson distribution,
what is the probability that 4 customers approach the register in the
next minute?Round your answer to 3 decimal places.


13. A statistician records the number of cars that approach an
intersection. He finds that an average of 1.6 cars approach the
intersection every minute. Assuming the number of cars that
approach this intersection follows a Poisson distribution, what is the
probability that 3 or more cars will approach the intersection within a
minute?
